feat(plugins/specialconfigs): adds support for Smart Contract args as functions (#2275)
embarklabs/embark: site/source/docs/contracts_configuration.md

...
```

### Calculating constructor parameters lazily

> Another way to configure arguments for Smart Contract constructors is to calculate them lazily using an asynchronous function. This is especially useful if the Smart Contract's arguments depend on other runtime dependencies, such as already deployed Smart Contracts. To calculate arguments, all you have to do is defining `args` as an (async) function and resolving with either a list of arguments in or an object where each member maps to an individual constructor argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to configure arguments for Smart Contract constructors is to calculate them lazily using an asynchronous function. This is especially useful if the Smart Contract's arguments depend on other runtime dependencies, such as already deployed Smart Contracts. To calculate arguments, all you have to do is define `args` as an (async) function and resolve with either a list of arguments or an object where each member maps to an individual constructor argument:
```
